#SearchTerm,EventLogName,EventID
count:':25
count:+:12
count:|:8~Microsoft-Windows-PowerShell/Operational
count:&:8
count:-split:4~Microsoft-Windows-PowerShell/Operational
count:;:12~Microsoft-Windows-Sysmon/Operational~
count:-split:4
eventdata_length:10000
webclient~Microsoft-Windows-PowerShell/Operational
powershell New-Service~windows powershell~
iex~windows powershell~
wscript~Microsoft-Windows-PowerShell/Operational
wscript.shell~Microsoft-Windows-PowerShell/Operational
~AMSI/Operational~
~Microsoft-Windows-Sysmon/Operational~19
~Microsoft-Windows-Sysmon/Operational~9
~Microsoft-Windows-Sysmon/Operational~12
~microsoft-Windows-Windows Defender/Operational~detected
~microsoft-Windows-Windows Defender/Operational~detection 
~microsoft-Windows-Windows Defender/Operational~malware
~microsoft-Windows-Windows Defender/Operational~disabled
commandline_length:400
commandline_contains:<script>
commandline_contains:mshta -Enbedding
commandline_contains:mshta javascript
commandline_contains:rundll32.exe javascript
commandline_contains:$env
commandline_contains:print /D:
commandline_contains:expand
commandline_contains:cmstp.exe /ni /s
commandline_contains:msiexec /q /i
commandline_contains:msiexec /quiet /i
commandline_contains:odbcconf -f
commandline_contains:pcalua.exe -a
commandline_contains:regasm.exe /U
commandline_contains:-windowstyle hidden
commandline_contains:runscripthelper.exe surfacecheck
commandline_contains:Scriptrunner.exe -appvscript
commandline_contains:mshta.exe javascript
commandline_contains:mshta javascript
commandline_contains:mshta vbscript
commandline_contains:regsvr32.exe /s /u /i
commandline_contains:bitsadmin.exe  /transfer
commandline_contains:bitsadmin.exe /download 
commandline_contains:bitsadmin  /transfer
commandline_contains:bitsadmin /download 
commandline_contains:rundll32.exe javascript
commandline_contains:sc create
jscript.exe
cvtres.exe
vbscript.exe
csript.exe
cmstp.exe
Iexpress.exe
psr.exe
CMSTP.exe
expand.exe
control.exe
ieexec.exe
makecab.exe
extrac.exe
ftp.exe
